Gorrys invariant nits (#3730)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-invariants.md

The primary function of a connection ID is to ensure that changes in addressing
at lower protocol layers (UDP, IP, and below) don't cause packets for a QUIC

> connection to be delivered to the wrong transport endpoint.  The connection ID

Reviewer: What's a transport endpoint?  I don't recall us using that term elsewhere, so endpoint seems sufficient to me.  Or maybe we need another term for this case?

Reviewer 2: This was really trying to avoid having to pull in the definition of "endpoint" from the transport doc.  I see that I failed there.  Happy to take suggestions, like:

```suggestion
connection to be delivered to the wrong destination.  The connection ID
```

Author: "destination" sounds like it could be network-layer?

The document uses "QUIC endpoint" elsewhere to refer to an endpoint at the transport layer, so that may perhaps be the term we are looking for?
